docs: change readme structure (#369)
sixfeetup/scaf: {{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/docs/deployment.md

# :package: How to deploy

## Infrastructure provisioning

Terraform can be used to provision AWS resources for your project deployment.
Read [terraform/README.md](/terraform/README.md) for more information and steps for provisioning resources.

## Application deployment

> Use ArgoCD and Kubernetes to automate the deployment of your application to your infrastructure.
> ArgoCD monitors changes within your repository, promptly applying the relevant Kubernetes manifests.
> Read [k8s/argocd/README.md](/k8s/argocd/README.md) for more details.

Reviewer: Please fix the link:
```suggestion
Use ArgoCD and Kubernetes to automate the deployment of your application to your infrastructure. ArgoCD monitors changes within your repository, promptly applying the relevant Kubernetes manifests. Read [bootstrap-cluster/README.md](/bootstrap-cluster/README.md) for more details.
```
